## v. 1.0.2
  * Some changes to arguments in `prep_polygons()`
  * Removed a bunch of unneccessary dependencies

## v.1.0.1
  * documentation fixes

## v.1.0.0 'what I did on my holidays'
  * Happy New Year, have an API change. Took 'dsmartr_' out of all function names because Twitter Said
  * Added @importFroms to data.R so sf/sp/raster don't need to be libraried
  * switched to custom function 'strict_cfp' for returning cell numbers that intersect polygons - better performance, plus old way has some obscure bugs with particular geometries
  * Covariate samples now write to GPKG as slow write issue has been resolved (see sf issue #470)
  * all internal functions separated from wrappers, enabling unit testing
  * Core functions all have unit tests
  * prediction_masks function corrected
  * eval_npred and eval_nxpred functions combined
  * Documentation updated
  * Regenerated demo data with some tidying up, particularly soil map geometry

## v.0.0.0.9013

  * simplified and debugged `dsmartr_class_maps`
  * fixed `dir.create` params for nested paths

## v.0.0.0.9012

  * more robust version of n_things (internal)
  * used n_things where it should be used in `dsmartr_iterate`
  * fixed parameter passing in `dsmartr_check_polygons`
  * removed unused param in `dsmartr_prep_polygons`
  * enabled unit testing, started adding tests

## v. 0.0.0.9011

  * Added function `dsmartr_pred_mask`, which creates masking rasters for areas where predictions maybe shouldn't be made, on a per-iteration basis.
  * Added a NEWS file, like I should have done already.
  
## v. 0.0.0.9010

  * For `dsmartr_unstack`, flattened the list structure of the output because nested lists are super annoying. Also tweaked the output folder name for term consistency. Naming things *is* hard.
  
## v. 0.0.0.9009

  * For `dsmartr_prepare`, added an option to set a ceiling for area_proportional sampling. This may prevent oversampling very large polygons that have been given an unrealistically simple composition.
  * Updated the vignette with a lot more detail about what `dsmartr_collate` does.
  
## v. 0.0.0.9008
  
  * Modified function `dsmartr_collate` to pick a random soil where a tie for n-most-likely exists. Previously, ties were output in (essentially) alphabetical order, which is stupid.
  * Added function `dsmartr_eval_ties`, which maps out pixels where more than one soil type is tied
  for most-likely.
  
## v. 0.0.0.9007

  * documentation fixes
  
## v. 0.0.0.9006

  * Added start/stop messaging for all functions, and progress bars wherever possible
  * `dsmartr_iterate` now writes only the points that were actually used in the model where `write_samples = TRUE`, instead of all the points that were generated by `iter_sample_poly`
  
## v. 0.0.0.9005

  * For `dsmartr_collate`, a better approach to environment assignments for clustered processing
  * Updated vignette
  * We Do Not Speak Of v. 0.0.0.9004.
  
## v. 0.0.0.9003

  * for `dsmartr_iterate`, split out some code into separate internal functions. One, `dsmartr_get_classes` makes sure that soil classes are assigned consistent values in all output rasters, including cases where known sites are used, and those known sites are of soil classes that have not been mapped. The second, `iter_sample_poly` subsamples the output of `dsmartr_prep_*` on each model iteration. Separating the function makes it easier to modify and test.
  * Added vignette

## v. 0.0.0.9002

  * Whoops, didn't quite catch all the factor shenanigans the first time... more bugfixes


## v. 0.0.0.9001

  * If you rely on `options(stringsAsFactors = FALSE)` to make your day-to-day munging scripts work, you're going to have a bad time turning them into a package... bugfixes
  * added my own demo data (higher res, has a coastline and therefore nodata areas for more robust testing)
  
## v. 0.0.0.9000

  * Cloned existing package, merged in changes from my working .rmd file, learned a lot about how not to write package functions
  
